hey guys it's the pro game AJ here i'm
back with another training video this
trading method is really good for high
profit so if you're looking for a really
really high profit this is your video
because it makes about 1 grand per item
roughly and I'm just going to show you
it but before I show you please please
please look up the prices i'll tell you
what the prices are like right now but
they can change very quickly so please
don't rely on these prices when doing it
please go and check what the prices are
just just in case because i don't want
you guys to lose any money for doing
this because it is quite risky but it's
a very very high profit trading method
you need quite a lot of coins i'd say at
least about 50 to 100 k to do this so
anyway here we go so you want to do see
want to find gold position and basically
i'm going to be bidding on some position
cards and you want to bid on them for
about 55 26 k anyway from there and you
can sell them for about 6.8 k and it's
the same on ps3 and xbox exactly the
same prices I've looked it up on ps3 but
that's only at the moment so i'm going
to pick my maximum price at 6k and i'm
also going to put my minimum price
because they're actually really hard to
find so the downfall of this is it's
really really quite hard to find them
like once you find that it's not too
hard to win bids but there aren't that
many of them and i and i probably put
the price too high but hey it doesn't
really matter so yeah as you can see
it's quite hot spot the Mon I'm actually
going to put the price a bit lower
because they kept they can go for about
starts at about 3.3 but it is honestly
really really I was fine then I'm going
to scroll through pages and pages just
find one that is the only bad thing
about this method but if you've got a
lot of time then this is a really good
method to get a lot of profit I'm
probably not even going to find one
I might do so i'll scroll through a few
pages and if I don't find 1 i'm just
going to show you some of the ones that
i won earlier today but I really can't
find any few guys here so not looking
too good yeah there really aren't any I
mean it's honestly you have to scroll
through out i'll set up to 10 pages just
to find one or there was one but i
missed it let's go back yet this one say
i'm just going to be so hot i would bid
around 5.5 k usually win them for that
so I just bid on that and yeah as I said
you have to go through about 10 pages
maybe sometimes you can find them on the
first page sometimes you won't it just
just depends but you always find it on
at least 10 pages but that's that's the
most of take you just gotta you just got
to take the time doing it it takes quite
a while but for each thing you do run
quite a lot of profit so as you can see
I've got 14 5.4 k here and 14 5.6 k and
if i advanced you can just list these i
would list them for about six and a half
on at the moment they go for about 6.6 k
on xbox and about 7k on ps3 so there's a
tiny difference but um hey I got that
for 5.4 k there's a bit of tax about 300
coins but it's more or less around 900
coin profit per card which is not bad
tool if you don't ask me that's pretty
good one grand profit just / for each
card so if you're doing 14-hour you
could probably earn up to if you're only
one round each cordoning 40 now you
query on 40k but the thing is you
probably won't be able to do 40 an hour
because you can't actually find that
many in an hour so i'll say you can do
about 20 an hour which is about 20k an
hour which isn't isn't bad I mean look
as you can see here one of them sold 6.6
k that was earlier today but the prices
do change so if they change the speed
just bid one grand under the price that
they are they wouldn't there they
shouldn't change too much if you find
you're just getting outbid on all of
them then make sure you
bid a bit higher because that's probably
why the price is the price is probably
changed because you you need to bid a
bit higher see as you can see there got
outbid but I'll bid a bit more it
doesn't really matter but anyway guys if
this video helped you please leave a
like comment on how I can improve and or
comment if you just enjoyed this and it
was helpful thank you guys for watching
and I will see you again in the next
video